Blog post advertising the Tuxcare webinar. (#550)
AlmaLinux/almalinux.org: content/blog/2024-05-8-tuxcare-almalinux-elevate-webinar.md

post: 
    title: "Sponsor Webinar: ELevate and Tuxcare"
    image: /blog-images/2024/2024.05.08.tuxcarewebinar.png
---

I'm excited to be joining an upcoming webinar with one of our sponsors: [Tuxcare](https://tuxcare.com/). Alongside [Artem Karasev](https://www.linkedin.com/in/karasevartem/), Senior Product Marketing Manager at TuxCare, I'll be talking about the new additions to [ELevate](https://almalinux.org/elevate/), along with all of the things our community members need for upgrading their OS using ELevate!  If you're already in, [Register now!](https://tuxcare.com/webinars/elevate-upgrading-in-place-for-rhel-based-distros-has-finally-arrived/)

## Webinar highlights

-   How to use the ELevate tool to migrate and/or upgrade your enterprise Linux deployments to a new distribution, including AlmaLinux, CentOS Stream, Oracle Linux, and others
-   Why many organizations are opting to migrate their CentOS 6 and 7 systems to AlmaLinux as a community-owned, forever-free replacement distribution
-   How organizations can level up their AlmaLinux experience with affordable commercial support that delivers premium enterprise-grade services

## Webinar Summary

> With the end of life (EOL) of CentOS 7 just a couple of months away, many organizations are turning to the AlmaLinux OS Project's ELevate tool to enable a smooth transition to other RHEL-based distributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the end of life (EOL) of CentOS 7 less than two months away, many organizations are turning to the AlmaLinux OS Project's ELevate tool to enable a smooth transition to other RHEL-based distributions.
```
